Syntax lookup: Switch (#319)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/language_switch.mdx

---
id: "switch"
keywords: ["switch", "pattern", "match"]
name: "switch"

> summary: "This is the `switch` pattern matching keyword."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "This is the `switch` expression keyword."
```

---
id: "switch"
keywords: ["switch", "pattern", "match"]
name: "switch"
summary: "This is the `switch` pattern matching keyword."
category: "languageconstructs"
---

> A `switch` expression allows you to execute some code based on the shape of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `switch` expression allows you to match / destructure almost any kind of value (array, list, records, strings, numbers, variants, etc). Each branch (pattern) of a `switch` expression must return a value of the same type.
```
